README.md, before:

# ember-material-components-web

[![Travis branch](https://img.shields.io/travis/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/master.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/ember-material-components-web.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ember-material-components-web)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ember-material-components-web.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ember-material-components-web)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/ember-material-components-web.svg)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web.svg)](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/issues)
[![David](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web.svg)](https://david-dm.org/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web?type=dev)
[![David](https://img.shields.io/david/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web.svg)](https://david-dm.org/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web)
[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-7-brightgreen.svg)](#contributors)

`ember-material-components-web`, or MDC-Ember, is an Ember CLI addon that provides the Ember way to use [`material-components-web` (MDC-Web)](https://material.io/components/web/). It installs and uses the CSS and JavaScript directly from Google's packages, and provides components you can drop right into your application.

Until proper documentation can be written, please refer to the extensive JSDoc comments in the addon/ directory.

## Demo

A demo app can be found at [secondstreet.github.io/ember-material-components-web](https://secondstreet.github.io/ember-material-components-web/). Its source code is in [`tests/dummy/app`](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/tree/master/tests/dummy/app) in this repo.


## Installation

```sh
ember install ember-material-components-web
```

## Upgrading

It's advisable to run `ember g ember-material-components-web` between upgrades as dependencies may have been added, removed, or upgraded between releases. Please try this, along with clearing node_modules and bower_components before reporting issues after upgrading.

Also please note that independently upgrading any of the `@material/[...]` packages in your `package.json`'s `devDependencies` _may_ introduce bugs, as Google is quickly iterating and introducing breaking chanegs on [MDC-Web](https://material.io/components/web/).

For more information on using ember-cli, visit [https://ember-cli.com/](https://ember-cli.com/).

## Contributors

Thank you to all of our wonderful contributors! Want to be on this list? [Check out our contributing guide!](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) ([emoji key](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors#emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/4250958?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Second Street</b></sub>](http://secondstreet.com)<br />[💵](#financial-secondstreet "Financial") | [<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/552093?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Kerrick Long</b></sub>](https://kerricklong.com/)<br />[💬](#question-Kerrick "Answering Questions") [💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=Kerrick "Code") [💡](#example-Kerrick "Examples") [👀](#review-Kerrick "Reviewed Pull Requests") | [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/9326399?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>danielraggs</b></sub>](https://github.com/danielraggs)<br />[💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=danielraggs "Code") [💡](#example-danielraggs "Examples") [👀](#review-danielraggs "Reviewed Pull Requests") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/20466869?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Vladic</b></sub>](https://github.com/vkkostin)<br />[💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=vkkostin "Code") [💡](#example-vkkostin "Examples") [👀](#review-vkkostin "Reviewed Pull Requests") | [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/6677376?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Matt Thouvenot</b></sub>](https://github.com/mthouve)<br />[💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=mthouve "Code") [💡](#example-mthouve "Examples") [👀](#review-mthouve "Reviewed Pull Requests") | [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/948512?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Nathan Dauber</b></sub>](https://github.com/KnownSubset)<br />[💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=KnownSubset "Code") [📖](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=KnownSubset "Documentation") [💡](#example-KnownSubset "Examples") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/296167?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Jack Anderson</b></sub>](https://janderson.me)<br />[🐛](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/issues?q=author%3AJackCA "Bug reports") [💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=JackCA "Code") |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| [<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/5567126?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Scott Smith</b></sub>](http://www.secondstreet.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=scottosmith "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1154834?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Marc Lundgren</b></sub>](http://marclundgren.github.io/)<br />[🐛](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/issues?q=author%3Amarclundgren "Bug reports") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/604117?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Sivakumar Kailasam</b></sub>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sivakumar-kailasam/)<br />[💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=sivakumar-kailasam "Code") [📖](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=sivakumar-kailasam "Documentation") |
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

update readme to make it clear I don't know what I'm doing

README.md, after:

# ember-material-components-web

[![Travis branch](https://img.shields.io/travis/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/master.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/ember-material-components-web.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ember-material-components-web)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ember-material-components-web.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ember-material-components-web)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/ember-material-components-web.svg)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web.svg)](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/issues)
[![David](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web.svg)](https://david-dm.org/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web?type=dev)
[![David](https://img.shields.io/david/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web.svg)](https://david-dm.org/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web)
[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-7-brightgreen.svg)](#contributors)

## Disclaimer
This fork is just a way for me to learn more about Ember and Javascript. I'm not
trying to be modest when I say I know not what I do.

😃

My goal is to upgrade this to the latest version of Ember. Once I do that I'll
try to upgrade the individual @material requirements to their latest versions.
I would like to keep all tests passing and also update the existing components
demo pages to document all the things the official material docs do.

`ember-material-components-web`, or MDC-Ember, is an Ember CLI addon that provides the Ember way to use [`material-components-web` (MDC-Web)](https://material.io/components/web/). It installs and uses the CSS and JavaScript directly from Google's packages, and provides components you can drop right into your application.

Until proper documentation can be written, please refer to the extensive JSDoc comments in the addon/ directory.

## Demo

A demo app can be found at [secondstreet.github.io/ember-material-components-web](https://secondstreet.github.io/ember-material-components-web/). Its source code is in [`tests/dummy/app`](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/tree/master/tests/dummy/app) in this repo.


## Installation

```sh
ember install ember-material-components-web
```

## Upgrading

It's advisable to run `ember g ember-material-components-web` between upgrades as dependencies may have been added, removed, or upgraded between releases. Please try this, along with clearing node_modules and bower_components before reporting issues after upgrading.

Also please note that independently upgrading any of the `@material/[...]` packages in your `package.json`'s `devDependencies` _may_ introduce bugs, as Google is quickly iterating and introducing breaking chanegs on [MDC-Web](https://material.io/components/web/).

For more information on using ember-cli, visit [https://ember-cli.com/](https://ember-cli.com/).

## Contributors

Thank you to all of our wonderful contributors! Want to be on this list? [Check out our contributing guide!](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) ([emoji key](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors#emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/4250958?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Second Street</b></sub>](http://secondstreet.com)<br />[💵](#financial-secondstreet "Financial") | [<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/552093?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Kerrick Long</b></sub>](https://kerricklong.com/)<br />[💬](#question-Kerrick "Answering Questions") [💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=Kerrick "Code") [💡](#example-Kerrick "Examples") [👀](#review-Kerrick "Reviewed Pull Requests") | [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/9326399?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>danielraggs</b></sub>](https://github.com/danielraggs)<br />[💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=danielraggs "Code") [💡](#example-danielraggs "Examples") [👀](#review-danielraggs "Reviewed Pull Requests") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/20466869?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Vladic</b></sub>](https://github.com/vkkostin)<br />[💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=vkkostin "Code") [💡](#example-vkkostin "Examples") [👀](#review-vkkostin "Reviewed Pull Requests") | [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/6677376?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Matt Thouvenot</b></sub>](https://github.com/mthouve)<br />[💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=mthouve "Code") [💡](#example-mthouve "Examples") [👀](#review-mthouve "Reviewed Pull Requests") | [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/948512?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Nathan Dauber</b></sub>](https://github.com/KnownSubset)<br />[💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=KnownSubset "Code") [📖](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=KnownSubset "Documentation") [💡](#example-KnownSubset "Examples") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/296167?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Jack Anderson</b></sub>](https://janderson.me)<br />[🐛](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/issues?q=author%3AJackCA "Bug reports") [💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=JackCA "Code") |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| [<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/5567126?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Scott Smith</b></sub>](http://www.secondstreet.com)<br />[💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=scottosmith "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1154834?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Marc Lundgren</b></sub>](http://marclundgren.github.io/)<br />[🐛](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/issues?q=author%3Amarclundgren "Bug reports") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/604117?v=4" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Sivakumar Kailasam</b></sub>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sivakumar-kailasam/)<br />[💻](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=sivakumar-kailasam "Code") [📖](https://github.com/secondstreet/ember-material-components-web/commits?author=sivakumar-kailasam "Documentation") |
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
